Variables and Operators lesson : Fix misleading Filename (#29849)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/variables_and_operators.md

JavaScript files have the extension `.js` similar to `.css` for stylesheets. External JavaScript files are used for more complex scripts.

> We named our file `javascript.js` but we could have chosen any name like `my-script.js` or even `noname.js`. What is really important is the `.js` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We named our file `javascript.js` but we could have chosen any name like `my-script.js` or `.js` without a name. What is really important is the `.js` extension.
```

Author: https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/1391831840867881131

Well, this was the source of the confusion. someone tried it and it gave them an error ( possibly because of the naming? )
I'm not sure, please do clarify.
